Hey, everyone.
So we've been talking
about Linphone a lot.
So, when do we get to start messing
around with it, playing with it?
Before we even do that, though,
you'll need to set up the app.
So that's what I'm here for.
If you're using Android, you'll need
to begin by booting up your board and
going to the linphone.org website.
After that, you'll notice there's a
LINPHONE tab, under the Technical Corner.
Go ahead and click on that.
And then in that tab you'll
have another little menu for
you to click on, or
the tab will be called DOWNLOADS.
You click there, and
then you'll want to search for
Linphone Android on Google Play and
the apk.
Since there's no Google Play
services on your device,
you'll have to click the apk download.
Once that's finished, you click it, you'll
download it, once it finishes downloading,
you'll just simply need to click
on the download and click install.
Now, if you're using Ubuntu,
it's a little bit simpler.
Just go ahead and
launch your on board terminal, and
start with sudo apt-get update,
then sudo apt-get upgrade, and
then just sudo apt-get install linphone.
So now that you've downloaded the app,
we're gonna need to
register you on some kind of SIP
network for you to use the app.
So Linphone actually provides their own
SIP network for you to create an app.
You can also use your own SIP account,
if you have one.
So you have your own SIP server, go ahead
and use that instead of the linphone one.
But we'll just go ahead and
dive right into the free server
that they provide with you.
You just need to go to linphone.org,
and then toward the bottom,
bottom right, under Free SIP Service box,
you'll click create or
manage your account, go ahead and
create a new account,
enter all the necessary information,
and you're pretty much ready.
You'll go into your app and log in.
Now that I think about it, the app also
has its own account creation wizard, so
when you first launch the app,
it'll ask you to go ahead and
either log into an old account or
make a new one.
So you can go ahead and
do that, use those steps, or
you can just do it online through your
computer or the browser on your board.
And with that,
set up should all be finished,
and you're ready to go and mess around.
Go ahead and call whoever you'd like.